fftest: add page (#17201)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/fftest.md

# fftest

> Test force-feedback devices (e.g., controllers with rumble functionality).
> More information: <https://manned.org/fftest>.

> - Open the fftest CLI on event9:
> 
> `fftest /dev/input/event9`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open `fftest` on an event:

`fftest /dev/input/eventX`
```
https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#special-cases
